practice
	present, practice, present, practice
build on what the user already knows
	vocabulary : sentences
	present the vocabulary first
	then choose sentences using all presented vocabulary
	choose sentences where 1 word is working and all other words are mastered
keep it real
	polite phrases, protocol
	conversations
	useful street-smart information
sound, visual, kinetic
reading, writing, speaking, listening

Keep track of running right/wrong percentage.
Adjust the size of the working set accordingly.


do a see dick and jane run type of indonesian reader.

build sample sentences and ask Gracesima if they are correct

Connect.
with others by truly listening
to  him in his language
English-speaking people coming to Indonesia.

Connect on a deeper level
find an alternative way of being

Register now to save your progress.
Congratulations.  You have completed the introductory course.  You are now ready to visit Indonesia.
To keep learning more of the Indonesian language, give us your credit card number.


keep the working set smaller until the student is ramped up
raise and lower the working set size dynamically depending on user's state
give one
give two
back to one 
back to two
three
two
one
three


when generating a sentence
first get the the sentence structure mastered using all mastered components
After that, use it to test one word at a time.  Use all mastered components except for one working.

Working - < 30
Review - 30 - 60
Mastered - > 60

number of rights
number of wrongs
total tries

right/tries
what about most recent tries
what about rule to get n right in a row
keep that rule until it's mastered.  Then go to percent mastered.
those that took more tries will have a lower percent mastered value.


ini $noun	this $noun
itu $noun	that $noun
ini $noun dan itu $noun	this $noun and that $noun
Ini bukan $noun, tetapi $noun.	This is not a $noun, but a $noun.

While these sentence structures are in working set, use mastered components.
When the sentence structure moves to review, use working and review components.
When getting vocabulary, get a set of mastered components smartly.
Go to the server sql query for every sentence?
Recently mastered.
For review mastered.
Keep things in review longer.
Change review-mastered to a percent mastered.
Change work-review-mastered to percent mastered.
Set arbitrary percent cutoff for work/review/mastered distinction.


?	$noun is on the $noun.
?	$noun is in the $noun.

----------------

-----------------

return from login
    current program, reversibility, and reverseflag
    all programs for this user
    all programs
let user pick different program
let user choose reverse or not - add reverse state to progress
let user reset program, start over (reversed or not) - delete records from progress table
add auto-reverse? - add reverse state to progress
options:
	program
	reverse
	reset
	show internals
layout:
	set fixed height of boxes, so the button positions stay constant

review percentage - how often to review this word, depending on how long it took to learn it

before the next set, make a presentation
    add a table, set or presentation, setid, 
    link to presentation
    presentation can be html page, including audio or video
    congratulations, you are ready for the next set, click here to see

prepare the presentation for indo 4, questions
    present the vocabulary
    and some of the sentence structure

----------------------

word
phrase
sentence

reverse word
reverse phrase
reverse sentences

keep practicing until the percentages are up where you want them
before introducing new material

we know how to practice words and phrases, with hardcoded sequences
how do we practice sentences, all generated